[BUGFIX] Avoid GetDatacenter* methods to flood Consul servers logs (#8685)
hashicorp/consul: .changelog/8685.txt

```release-note:bug

> Avoid logs to be flooded with `[WARN] agent.router: Non-server in server-only area: non_server=myClientNode area=lan` [GH-8663](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/issues/8663)

Reviewer: The changelog tooling should take care of adding this link for us.

```suggestion
fixed a bug that caused logs to be flooded with `[WARN] agent.router: Non-server in server-only area`
```
